---
title: NSF Grad fellowship panel
author: Colton Grainger
date: 2018-09-07
revised:
---

What should ask for from the writers of my letters of references? 

- To talk about research ability, work ethic. 
- To credibly support my abilities as I present myself in my personal and research statement. 

GOTO OFFICE HOURS.

For the works cited, pick two very cutting edge citation.

In writing the research statement, avoid acronyms. On the other hand, feel free to include figures, schematics, and aids to comprehension.

For the future career plans section

- lay out future goals in the personal statement
- professor, naval researcher, NASA? (Sounds patriotic.)
- what other possible directions

2/3 of applications are rejected outright.

Include "broader impact" and "purposeful" work.

Look at other examples. <http://www.alexhunterlang.com/nsf-fellowship>


## Janet Rupert

Due Nov 1st. Rec would go a long way.

Full accurate idea of coursework.

Full motivations for research. IDEA lab. Representations of identity with facial recognition. Classification algorithms discriminate upon gender. Every paper has "design recommendations" followed by the queer theory critique.

How is race quantified, data-fied, and analyzed?

My proposal is pretty well fleshed out. It might be more strategic to get another rec letter in STEM ed or tech. Could you get ... blah to write such a letter? E.g., somelike like <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Dourish>?

## Feedback

Critically engaging high schoolers amongst themselves. Why do CS education?
